Data Feeds - Starknet update (#1863)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/content/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/read-data.mdx

---
section: dataFeeds
date: Last Modified
title: "Read Data from Data Feeds on Starknet using Starknet Foundry"
whatsnext:
  {
    "Starknet Price Feed Contract Addresses": "/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses?network=starknet",
    "Deploy and interact with a Consumer Contract": "/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/consumer-contract",
    "Experiment with Starknet Devnet RS": "/data-feeds/starknet/tutorials/snfoundry/sn-devnet-rs",
  }
metadata:
  description: "Read Data from Chainlink Data Feeds on StarkNet using Starknet Foundry."
---

import { CodeSample, CopyText } from "@components"

> In this example, you'll read from a Chainlink price feed on Starknet using the Starknet Foundry toolkit. You'll call the `latest_round_data` function on the ETH / USD aggregator proxy contract to read the latest round of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you will read from a Chainlink price feed on Starknet using the Starknet Foundry toolkit. You will call the `latest_round_data` function on the ETH / USD aggregator proxy contract to read the latest round of data.
```

Avoid contractions for ESL and translation

| `answer`     | `0x5293770eb1`                        | `354661371569`                            | The actual data provided by the data feed, representing the latest price of an asset in the case of a price feed |
| `block_num`  | `0xd44d`                              | `54349`                                   | The block number at which the data was recorded on the blockchain                                                |
| `started_at` | `0x6606b8cc`                          | `1711716556`                              | The Unix timestamp indicating when the data round started                                                        |
| `updated_at` | `0x6606b8a2`                          | `1711716514`                              | The Unix timestamp indicating when the data was last updated                                                     |

For a complete list of Chainlink Price Feeds available on Starknet, see the [Price Feed Contract Addresses](/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses?network=starknet) page.

> Note: This example utilizes a [Blast API](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet) RPC endpoint. You can interact with the network using any other Starknet Sepolia RPC provider, such as [Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/starknet) or [Infura](https://www.infura.io/networks/ethereum/starknet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: This example uses a [Blast API](https://blastapi.io/public-api/starknet) RPC endpoint. You can interact with the network using any other Starknet Sepolia RPC provider, such as [Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/starknet) or [Infura](https://www.infura.io/networks/ethereum/starknet).
```
